SerialLink/plot Graphical display and animation
 
  R.plot(Q, options) displays a graphical animation of a robot based on
  the kinematic model.  A stick figure polyline joins the origins of
  the link coordinate frames. The robot is displayed at the joint angle Q (1xN), or
  if a matrix (MxN) it is animated as the robot moves along the M-point trajectory.
 
  Options::
  'workspace', W    Size of robot 3D workspace, W = [xmn, xmx ymn ymx zmn zmx]
  'floorlevel',L    Z-coordinate of floor (default -1)
 -
  'delay',D         Delay betwen frames for animation (s)
  'fps',fps         Number of frames per second for display, inverse of 'delay' option
  '[no]loop'        Loop over the trajectory forever
  '[no]raise'       Autoraise the figure
  'movie',M         Save frames as files in the folder M
  'trail',L         Draw a line recording the tip path, with line style L
 -
  'scale',S         Annotation scale factor
  'zoom',Z          Reduce size of auto-computed workspace by Z, makes
                    robot look bigger
  'ortho'           Orthographic view
  'perspective'     Perspective view (default)
  'view',V          Specify view V='x', 'y', 'top' or [az el] for side elevations,
                    plan view, or general view by azimuth and elevation
                    angle.
  'top'             View from the top.
 -
  '[no]shading'     Enable Gouraud shading (default true)
  'lightpos',L      Position of the light source (default [0 0 20])
  '[no]name'        Display the robot's name
 -
  '[no]wrist'       Enable display of wrist coordinate frame
  'xyz'             Wrist axis label is XYZ
  'noa'             Wrist axis label is NOA
  '[no]arrow'       Display wrist frame with 3D arrows
 -
  '[no]tiles'       Enable tiled floor (default true)
  'tilesize',S      Side length of square tiles on the floor (default 0.2)
  'tile1color',C   Color of even tiles [r g b] (default [0.5 1 0.5]  light green)
  'tile2color',C   Color of odd tiles [r g b] (default [1 1 1] white)
 -
  '[no]shadow'      Enable display of shadow (default true)
  'shadowcolor',C   Colorspec of shadow, [r g b]
  'shadowwidth',W   Width of shadow line (default 6)
 -
  '[no]jaxes'       Enable display of joint axes (default false)
  '[no]jvec'        Enable display of joint axis vectors (default false)
  '[no]joints'      Enable display of joints
  'jointcolor',C    Colorspec for joint cylinders (default [0.7 0 0])
  'jointdiam',D     Diameter of joint cylinder in scale units (default 5)
 -
  'linkcolor',C     Colorspec of links (default 'b')
 -
  '[no]base'        Enable display of base 'pedestal'
  'basecolor',C     Color of base (default 'k')
  'basewidth',W     Width of base (default 3)
 
  The options come from 3 sources and are processed in order:
  - Cell array of options returned by the function PLOTBOTOPT (if it exists)
  - Cell array of options given by the 'plotopt' option when creating the
    SerialLink object.
  - List of arguments in the command line.
 
  Many boolean options can be enabled or disabled with the 'no' prefix.  The
  various option sources can toggle an option, the last value is taken.
 
  Graphical annotations and options::
 
  The robot is displayed as a basic stick figure robot with annotations
  such as:
  - shadow on the floor
  - XYZ wrist axes and labels
  - joint cylinders and axes
  which are controlled by options.
 
  The size of the annotations is determined using a simple heuristic from
  the workspace dimensions.  This dimension can be changed by setting the
  multiplicative scale factor using the 'mag' option.
 
  Figure behaviour::
 
  - If no figure exists one will be created and the robot drawn in it.
  - If no robot of this name is currently displayed then a robot will
    be drawn in the current figure.  If hold is enabled (hold on) then the
    robot will be added to the current figure.
  - If the robot already exists then that graphical model will be found
    and moved.
 
  Multiple views of the same robot::
 
  If one or more plots of this robot already exist then these will all
  be moved according to the argument Q.  All robots in all windows with
  the same name will be moved.
 
   Create a robot in figure 1
          figure(1)
          p560.plot(qz);
   Create a robot in figure 2
          figure(2)
          p560.plot(qz);
   Now move both robots
          p560.plot(qn)
 
  Multiple robots in the same figure::
 
  Multiple robots can be displayed in the same plot, by using "hold on"
  before calls to robot.plot().
 
   Create a robot in figure 1
          figure(1)
          p560.plot(qz);
   Make a clone of the robot named bob
          bob = SerialLink(p560, 'name', 'bob');
   Draw bob in this figure
          hold on
          bob.plot(qn)
 
   To animate both robots so they move together:
          qtg = jtraj(qr, qz, 100);
          for q=qtg'
            p560.plot(q');
            bob.plot(q');
          end
 
  Making an animation movie::
  - The 'movie' options saves frames as files NNNN.png into the specified folder
  - The specified folder will be created
  - To convert frames to a movie use a command like:
         ffmpeg -r 10 -i %04d.png out.avi
 
  Notes::
  - The options are processed when the figure is first drawn, to make different options come
    into effect it is neccessary to clear the figure.
  - The link segments do not neccessarily represent the links of the robot, they are a pipe
    network that joins the origins of successive link coordinate frames.
  - Delay betwen frames can be eliminated by setting option 'delay', 0 or
    'fps', Inf.
  - By default a quite detailed plot is generated, but turning off labels,
    axes, shadows etc. will speed things up.
  - Each graphical robot object is tagged by the robot's name and has UserData
    that holds graphical handles and the handle of the robot object.
  - The graphical state holds the last joint configuration
  - The size of the plot volume is determined by a heuristic for an all-revolute
    robot.  If a prismatic joint is present the 'workspace' option is
    required.  The 'zoom' option can reduce the size of this workspace.
 
  See also SerialLink/plot3d, plotbotopt, SerialLink/animate, SerialLink/teach, SerialLink/fkine.